everybody this is Brian from private
reserve guitars and I have a really
awesome piece of history with me today
this is the Rickenbacker 360 regular and
Ruby this is an awesome guitar at
semi-hollow and it's got this awesome
contour around the top that makes it
very comfortable to play and then you've
also got some binding on the back and
then the back is flat so this is a
really comfortable and interesting
instrument you've got a volume tone for
each pickup as well as a 3-way switch
and then an extra switch that I'll give
you different presets with the different
pickup combinations also this guitar can
be played in stereo as well as mono the
inlays on this guitar really cool
triangular I've Roy 2 inlays and just
overall just a really great well made
guitar and like I said just an iconic
instrument so let's see how it sounds
here we go
Oh
you
yeah a lot of really cool early rock and
roll sounds British rock and roll from
the early 60s comes out of this guitar
just excellent excellent piece for your
collection have a great day
a little